chore(docs): document training options and RuntimePatch API usage (#722)
kubeflow/sdk: docs/source/getting-started/quickstart.rst

   job = client.get_job(job_name)
   print(f"Status: {job.status}")

Optional: Configure TrainJob options
------------------------------------

> To customize your training job, you can pass options when submitting it in Step 2. Options allow you to set custom names, labels, annotations, or configure the Kubernetes ``RuntimePatch`` API.

Reviewer: This section sits between Step 3 and Step 4 but points back to Step 2, and the snippet submits a **second** job that rebinds `job_name` - so Step 4 then waits on a different job than Step 3 monitored. Please move this section to directly after Step 2.

Import the options from ``kubeflow.trainer.options`` and pass them as a list to the ``options`` argument:

.. code-block:: python

   from kubeflow.trainer.options import Name, Labels, Annotations

   # Submit the job with custom name, labels, and annotations
   job_name = client.train(
       trainer=CustomTrainer(func=train_mnist),
       options=[
           Name("my-mnist-job"),
           Labels({"team": "ml-platform"}),
           Annotations({"description": "Quickstart training job"}),
       ]

>    )
> 

Reviewer: `Labels`/`Annotations`/`RuntimePatch` raise `ValueError` on non-Kubernetes backends, and this page documents the LocalProcess backend just below.

```suggestion
   )

.. note::

   ``Labels``, ``Annotations``, and ``RuntimePatch`` are Kubernetes-only. Only ``Name``
   works with the local backends described below.

```

> For more advanced configurations, such as mounting volumes or customizing container resources via the ``RuntimePatch`` API, see the :doc:`../train/options` guide.

Reviewer: `ContainerPatch` has only `name`/`env`/`volume_mounts`/`security_context` - no resources field. Resources go through `CustomTrainer(resources_per_node=...)`.

```suggestion
For more advanced configurations, such as mounting volumes, setting node selectors, or
patching container security contexts via the ``RuntimePatch`` API, see the
:doc:`../train/options` guide.
```
